Electrically tuned lenses (ETLs) are a good way of adding fast "z-movement" 
to microscopes, as no motors need to be used to move the entire lens set. 
From the Helmchen 2011 paper, they more or less double their scanning speed, 
from ~10Hz to ~20-30Hz.

The system works in the following manner: An ETL is placed right behind 
the microscope objective and is controlled by an laser diode or 
precise LED driver, where voltage is kept constant at 5V
and changes in current (0-300mA), change the conformation of the lens
and therefore its focal distance.

Due to aberrations introduced by this new lens in the system,
an offset lens has to be used together with the ETL.
This specific one, already comes with one, 
that can be replaced case necessary (check pdf files for instructions).

The driver chosen to drive the lens is one recommended by the manufacturer.
 From thorlabs, model LD1255R 
(laser diode constant current driver - 0.2 to 250 mA - manual attached).

The driver can be controlled with an analog signal between 0 and 5V,
so the original plan is to use an Arduino to control it. 
But the Arduino AO is not real analog, but rather PWM,
so we might have to build a low-pass filter (capacitor + resistor)
to smooth the signal. Also the AO only has 8-bit precision,
which would give us 20mA steps, and the original driver of the lens manufacturer
has 0.1mA steps. It might be interesting to use a Teensy 3.2 instead, 
since it has a true analog output and 12-bit precision, 
giving us ~1.22 mA steps. Also the board cost about the same as an Arduino.

The lens also has a temperature sensor built in, as it can get quite hot if used
for longer periods, leading to temperature drifts in the lens shape, changing
the focal distance. The idea is to hook the temperature sensor to the
microcontroller and write code to display it. We might also consider using
a heat sink on the lens, to diminish the temperature changing problem.


Driver hookup:
-The driver has a jumper to select (J2 pins, check below)
in between manual current control and
external current control (remote control with micro-controller).

PINS on J1:

1- power to board
2- ground
3- power to laser
4- external current control (0 to 5V) 
5- disable pin. They suggest that the board should always be disabled upon 
turning it on, and only them enabling the board (one can either have a
mechanical switch or have it controlled by the micro-controller).
6- laser anode (internally connected to ground)
7- laser cathode
8- monitor photodiode anode
9- Photodiode monitor output
10- Laser current monitor output


PINS on J2 (jumpers to control manual or remote current control):
If jumper in pins 1 and 2 - External current control (common referenced)
In Mode 1, the laser current is: ILD= 50 * VPIN4 (mA)
If jumper in pins 2 and 3 - External current control DISABLED

Warning: Do not operate the LD1255 without a laser diode connected because the
protection diodes can be damaged and cause the driver to fail.

The LD1255 photodiode monitor circuit only supports laser that have a photodiode
with an isolated anode. It will not support common cathode lasers such as the
CQL7825/D and CQL7840/D.


